feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6553efd6ada3f42aa2d75448.md

---
id: 6553efd6ada3f42aa2d75448
title: Step 48
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-48
---

# --description--

> Now you should see the output again. Although this approach works, it doesn't significantly enhance the code's reusability. Repeatedly calling your function yields the same outcome. However, functions can be declared with *parameters* to introduce versatility and customization:

Reviewer: I would suggest updating "yields" to a different word because [yield](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/expressions.html#yield-expressions) is a type of expression in Python used to define generator functions.

 ```suggestion
Now you should see the output again. Although this approach works, it doesn't significantly enhance the code's reusability. Repeatedly calling your function will result in the same outcome. However, functions can be declared with *parameters* to introduce versatility and customization:
```

```py
def function_name(param_1, param_2):
    <code>
```

Parameters are variables that you can use inside your function. A function can be declared with different number of parameters. In the example above, `param_1` and `param_2` are parameters.

Modify your function declaration so that it takes two parameters called `message` and `offset`.

# --hints--

> Your `caesar` function should accept `message` and `offset` as the parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `caesar()` function should take `message` and `offset` as the parameters.
```
